<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US" lang="en-US" dir="ltr">

<!--
	This Tool is licensed under the GPLv2
	
	This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
	
	The license is readable under
	http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.txt
-->

<head>
	<title>JohnSmith Customizer</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="lib/base64.js"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="lib/canvas2image.js"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.6.2/jquery.min.js"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="lib/jcanvas/jcanvas.min.js"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="terrain.js"/>
	<script type="text/javascript" src="main.js"/>
</head>


<body>
<article>

<header>
	<h1>Usage:</h1>
	<ol>
		<li>Select options on the right</li>
		<li>See what they do on the left</li>
		<li>Click on the image to save<br/>(Firefox users can use the Context Menu)</li>
		<li>Save as (or rename to) <code>terrain.png</code></li>
		<li>Replace <code>terrain.png</code> in <code>johnsmith_v<span id="version">x.x</span>.zip</code></li>
	</ol>
	<h2>Extension</h2>
	<p>Made a texture pack?<br/>Want a customizer for one?</p>
	<button id="guide_button">Make your own customizer</button>
	<div id="guide">
		<h1>How to extend the Customizer</h1>
		This tool basically consists of three parts:
		<ol>
			<li>This XHTML5 page (press <code>Ctrl+S</code> to save it to your PC)</li>
			<li>A directory named <a href="terrain.png">terrain.png</a>, which contains the texture sheets<br/>(Yes, it is ends with .png, but is a directory)</li>
			<li>A big JSON tree, containing the preferences and their options</li>
		</ol>
		If you want to replace the whole texture pack and rewrite the options, you have to do the following:
		<ol>
			<li>Replace the contents of the <code>terrain.png</code>-directory with the alternative terrain.pngs you want to use. Rename them sensibly in the process, e.g. “v4.0.png” and “tweaks.png”.</li>
			<li>Replace the list of versions in the JavaScript with yours – minus the <code>.png</code> – e.g. <code>var versions = ["v4.0", "tweaks"];</code>. The last version in the list is initially drawn and it’s options selected.<br/><em>Note that if you use plain numbers truncateable to integers, like <code>4.0</code>, JavaScript <em>will</em> truncate them (in our example to <code>4</code>). Use Strings (<code>"4.0"</code>), or already truncated numbers (<code>4</code>) in this case.</em></li>
			<li>
				Now recreate the settings. <code>var settings</code> is assigned to a JSON tree with the following structure:
				<dl>
					<dt>1. Level: <em>settings</em></dt><dd>
						<p>Each setting appears under the name it was assigned to</p>
						<p>There is a special (optional!) setting called <code>override</code> with the single option <code>pack</code>, which is used to override certain parts of the initially drawn texture.</p></dd>
					<dt>2. Level: <em>options</em></dt><dd>
						<p>Each of these refers to one of the versions registered via the <code>versions</code> list.</p>
						<p>A special option called <code>coords</code> instead contains a list of texture coordinates.</p></dd>
					<dt>3. Level (inside each <code>coords</code> option): coordinates</dt><dd>
						Coordinates are in the form <code>[x,y]</code>, so e.g. <code>[0,15]</code> refers to the texture on the bottom of the first column (start of break animation).</dd>
				</dl>
				An small example for a settings variable would be:<pre><code>var settings = {
	"Pumpkin": {
		"Faceless":     6,
		"Creeper face": 7,
		"coords": [[6,6],[6,7],[7,7],[8,7]]
	}
};</code></pre>
			</li>
			<li>Finally don’t forget to replace the title of the HTML page!</li>
		</ol>
	</div>
</header>

<form id="settings">
	<canvas id="terrain"/>
</form>

<div id="versions_container">
	<button id="versions_button">Changelist</button>
	<div id="versions">
		<h1>Changelist</h1>
		<dl>
			<dt>2.0</dt><dd>Added 8.4. Surprise coming “soon” ;)</dd>
			<dt>1.9b</dt><dd>Added loads of overrides</dd>
			<dt>1.9a</dt><dd>Switched 8.2 with 8.3</dd>
			<dt>1.9</dt><dd>Added 8.2</dd>
			<dt>1.8</dt><dd>Added several temporary 1.8 and 1.9 textures made by myself, Hobo Joe and Hallithorien</dd>
			<dt>1.7a</dt><dd>Fixed Settings with “&amp;”<br/>Fixed persistent URLs (Thanks, aSakOfDonuts!)</dd>
			<dt>1.7</dt><dd>Added persistent URL<br/>Fixed override</dd>
			<dt>1.6b</dt><dd>Added IHaTeD2’s tweaks to the “light” ores</dd>
			<dt>1.6a</dt><dd>Added 8.1</dd>
			<dt>1.6</dt><dd>Added 8<br/>Fixed wrong default selection<br/>Upgraded jCanvas</dd>
			<dt>1.5a</dt><dd>Added “for” attribute to labels</dd>
			<dt>1.5</dt><dd>Internal changes thanks to Kurtextrem and aSakofDonuts</dd>
			<dt>1.4a</dt><dd>Readded aSakOfDonuts’ glass &amp; glowstone<br/>Fixed TNT</dd>
			<dt>1.4</dt><dd>Redid Layout</dd>
			<dt>1.3a</dt><dd>Fixed TNT missing</dd>
			<dt>1.3</dt><dd>Added 7.4</dd>
			<dt>1.2a</dt><dd>Added 7.3a</dd>
			<dt>1.2</dt><dd>Added everything from V2 up</dd>
			<dt>1.1</dt><dd>Added 7.3</dd>
			<dt>1.0</dt><dd>Removed Doku’s textures on request<br/>Added changelist</dd>
			<dt>0.6</dt><dd>Added „Create your own“ instructions</dd>
			<dt>0.5</dt><dd>Added usage instructions<br/>Restyle</dd>
			<dt>0.1</dt><dd>Basic functional version</dd>
		</dl>
	</div>
</div>

<footer>
	This Tool is made by <a href="http://red-sheep.de">flying sheep</a> and licensed under the GPLv2.
	<aside>Textures by JohnSmith, tweaks by aSakofDonuts. Alternate <a href="items.png">items.png</a> by Arkhangels.</aside>
</footer>

</article>


</body>
</html>
